Add RN SAGP app dependency and disable auto install option examples (#7434)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/manual-setup.mdx

### Enable Sentry AGP

> You can enable native symbol upload and other features by adding [Sentry Android Gradle Plugin (SAGP)](/platforms/android/configuration/gradle) dependency to `android/build.gradle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable native symbol upload and other features by adding the [Sentry Android Gradle Plugin (AGP)](/platforms/android/configuration/gradle) dependency to `android/build.gradle`.
```

Change abbreviation to match the heading

```groovy {filename:android/build.gradle}
buildscript {
    dependencies {
        // Other dependencies ...
        classpath("io.sentry:sentry-android-gradle-plugin:{{@inject packages.version('sentry.java.android.gradle-plugin', '3.0.0') }}")
    }
}
```

> And configure the plugin options in `android/app/build.gradle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the plugin options in `android/app/build.gradle`, as shown below:
```
